We're here at Nickelodeon Studios, where kids are looking for Valentine's Day.
So listen up, it could be you!
Hi, I'm Wilson. I want Ryan to be my Valentine.
I want Claire from Bisham England to be my Valentine.
Hi, I'm Dandee and I want my Santa Claus to be Tanya.
Hi, I'm Connie and I want Maya to be my Valentine.
Hi, I'm Tanya and I want my brother to like to be my Valentine.
Happy Valentine's Day from Nickelodeon Studios!
What is Mush? And what's too much Mush?
You both got a girl? Got your name on it.
Join Pete and Ellen from Pete and Pete as they host Nickelodeon's Valentine's Day Mush Fest.
It's 14 shows filled with crushes, kisses and confessions. Plus Pete and Ellen.
I want this to last forever.
Nickelodeon's Valentine's Day Mush Fest. This Sunday starting at 2-1 Central only on Nickelodeon.
From the bottom of our hearts this Valentine's weekend.
It brings you many forms of love.
Love yourself and loving sweet.
Get some candy boys.
So get comfy on the big orange love seat with Clarissa, Ren and Stimpy roundhouse
and Are You Afraid of the Dark and Fall in Love with Snick.
This Saturday night starting at 8-7 Central on Nick.
How Curtis Bennett eats a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup.
I like my Reese's with milk.
How Scotty Henry's Brother Roger eats a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup.
Scotty Henry's Brother Roger eats a Reese's Peanut Butter Cup.
This is my kid brother. He loves his Reese's as you can see.
But well, he eats it real weird. How do you do that, Rog?
There's no wrong way.
It's good.
To eat a Reese's.
Unlock your body's potential.
We proudly offer solar plexus.
32 old-fashioned iron-pumping exercises.
Each correct in form and balance.
All on a simple machine that fits in the corner of your home.
For free brochure, call anytime.
Nickelodeon asked kids at the School of Dance Theater of Harlem
about Black History Month.
When you think about Martin Luther King
and how he started that evolution of us.
He wanted the Black people to be free.
He struggled to get my people noticed
because there was a lot of racism going on.
The struggle that Black people went through
and Martin Luther King helped.
Find out more about it
because Black History is a part of everyone's history.
Journal, last weekend I got to go on the Bluff Scout canoe trip.
The toughest test of Bluff Scout Hood.
I spent a whole year preparing for this trip.
I was all set to prove myself a real Bluff Scout.
Official Bluff Scout water filter.
Official Bluff Scout peppermill.
Official Bluff Scout navigational computer.
Scout rule numero uno funny.
Don't bite off more than you can chew.
Get it? A chew.
Oh no, the computer.
I'm sorry Mr. D...
I'm sorry Mr. Dink, I had to...
That's okay Douglas.
I didn't know you were allergic to computers.
Well, I'll just go back and get your spare.
Bluff Scouts, attention!
Boys, your Scout master is returning to base camp
to get the spare navigational computer.
While I'm gone, the senior Bluff Scout will be in charge.
You're in reliable hands. Goodbye!
You can call on me Scout master Dink.
That's me.
Hours and hours went by
and Scout master Dink still hadn't come back.
Meanwhile, Roger was enjoying his new position
and maybe a little too much.
He ordered Willie to stake his tank for him.
Boomer had to make him lunch
and Ned had to keep the flies off.
And me? Well, I'd rather not say what he ordered me to do.
Hey, uh, funny, where are my worms?
I'm itching for some fishin'.
Roger, don't you think you're carrying
this temporary Scout master thing a bit too far?
Man, Roger's really flipped out.
I sure hope Scout master Dink gets back here soon.
Ski, I'm getting worried about Mr. Dink.
It's been four hours.
Yeah, maybe he's lost or something.
Yeah, lost.
I did you 32 marks today,
but can't fight you be just a man.
Wee!
Hope he's not lost, man.
What should we do? Send out a search party?
Yeah, we could be the search party, Skeet.
Cool, man. Let's do it.
Let's go to the rescue.
Right. Here we go.
I win again.
Roger, you're cheating.
There's no such thing as five of a kind.
There is as long as I'm in charge.
Hey, don't eat that.
It's for Bluff Scout masters only.
Um, Roger, what do you want, funny?
Roger, Mr. Dink's been gone almost five hours,
so I was thinking maybe me, Skeeter,
and Pork Chop should go look for him.
Ooh, that's a big no-can-do, funny.
What? Well, how come?
According to Bluff Scout rules,
we don't start searching for Scout master Dink
until he's been missing for at least 12 hours.
Wait a minute. I never heard of that.
I don't remember that being in the Bluff Scout manual.
So look it up. Now beat it, funny.
And if I catch you leaving camp to look for Dink,
I'll be forced to demote you back to Tender Toe.
Got it?
Yeah. I got it, Roger.
Man, how'd it go?
Come on, guys.
We're gonna find Mr. Dink with or without Roger's permission.
We're gonna get into that canoe, and then we roll away.
Where do you guys think you're going?
Um, we were just going to...
Of course, spin around the lake.
Temporary Scout Master Roger says nobody's allowed
to go out in the canoe except the Temporary Scout Master,
which is him.
But if you wanted to use the canoe
to go find the real Scout Master
before Roger drives us all crazy,
I guess that'd be okay.
That'd be fine, yeah.
Excellent.
Thanks, you guys.
The whole troop is counting on us, man.
I sure hope we can find him.
Of course we can, Skeet.
We'll just use our Bluff Scout wilderness knowledge.
Like what, Doug?
Well, like how moss always grows on the north side of trees.
Yeah, and how to keep your cereal crunchy, even in milk?
Yeah, we'll show everybody we're real trackers.
True explorers, real wilderness men.
Funny mountain men.
They can't catch it.
Nobody can.
Russell's moose with his fire.
Skug funny.
Deep tracks with two toes.
Uh, according to the Bluff Scout manual,
those are moose tracks.
Flat-round space in those grasses over there.
Oh, let's see. Possibly a deer bed.
Deep-set footprints spaced a yard apart.
Those are dink tracks.
I don't see that in the Bluff Scout manual.
How can you tell, Doug?
We'll just read the sign, Skeeter.
What a footprints.
We'll never find Scoutmaster Dink now.
Wait a minute, Skeet.
It says, when no animal footprints are visible,
scouts often use hunting dogs to track the animal scent.
Hey, if we only had something that smelled like Scoutmaster Dink,
then Pork Chop could follow his scent.
Yeah, but what have we got?
Not now, Pork Chop. I'm thinking.
Hey, what's the big eye?
Oh, I get it.
Come on, Doug. He's on the scent.
Matter, Pork Chop.
Uh-oh.
Your dink's official Bluff Scout pants.
Scoutmaster Dink?
Scoutmaster Dink. A bear must have got him.
He was my best grown-up friend.
He was the best Scoutmaster I ever had.
And now he's been...
Mr. Dink, I'm sorry I broke your computer
and made you leave camp.
I'm gonna miss that guy.
I just hope, if you're up there,
you can hear us now.
I can hear you just fine.
Mr. Dink!
Hello, boys. That was so beautiful.
I didn't want to interrupt.
Mr. Dink, you're not eaten up.
What happened? We thought we'd never see you again.
Well, without the computer, I got a bit off course.
And I got the boat to shore, but my clothes were soaked.
So I laid them out to dry.
And when I came back, I saw a bear and ran for my life.
What?
Well, here I am.
Gee, Mr. Dink, I'm sure glad we came looking for you.
Yeah, even if Roger said he would have us demoted to tinder toes.
Why would Roger do that?
Come on, boys. Let's have it.
Okay. Here's what happened.
Let's demote Roger to tinder toe.
Tender toe!
You can't demote me. I answer only two.
Glad to see you back. We were worried sick.
Glad to see you've held down the fort, Roger.
Did you have any trouble?
Nothing serious, Mr. Dink.
Oh, we did run out of food, but I held the troop together.
We held us together, nothing.
You were the one who ate all the food.
I see. Well, Roger, it seems you've already had your dinner.
I hope you don't mind if I order some for the rest of us.
Hello, speedy pizza?
Oh, yes. I'd like to put in an order for 17 pizzas, please.
Extra cheese, mushrooms, pepperoni, sausage, and beets.
Yeah, make it heavy on the beach.
Why? How long will that be?
Well, can you make it faster than that?
I want it hot, okay?
Hey, I did what? Add another with extra, extra, extra cheese for me.
I love this stuff.
Mr. Dink got back safe and sound,
and the Bluff Scout canoe trip turned out great.
And Scout Master Dink gave us a special mountain nan award.
As for Roger, I think he learned a valuable lesson.
It's just like the Bluff Scout manual said.
The senior Bluff Scout should do his best to serve the troop.
Roger, could you please serve me some pepperoni pizza?
Hello, Roger.
Another slice of cheap pizza here.
One at a time.
Mushroom pizza over here.
Hey, I only got two hands. Give me a break.
Doug's funny. He's a mountain of a man.
Don't litter.
Don't go away. Doug will be right back.
Submitted for your approval, Louis Galloway, 13 years old.
He said he was ready for the ultimate video challenge,
but there's something new behind those doors,
and there's no turning back when you enter the video zone.
Mind-bending games, unstoppable nemesis,
a video nemesis at every turn,
encountered from inside the game.
It's a new reality in a new dimension.
Nickelodeon's Ozone.
It's the ultimate video challenge in the car cave.
Weekdays at five, four central on Nickelodeon.
Crab macaroni and cheese presents teddy bears and Dynamax.
It's prehistoric Oni.
In a world from Dynarone.
Now it's Total Bear Bob Oni.
Hate to discordance at Tony's.
Ba-boo!
It's Crab Titty Bear Bob Oni.
It's Crab Teddy Bears and Dynamax.
They're more fun than a bowl full of Monkeys.
Monkeys!
It's the chief Boris Oni.
Or a surfer-boy Bear Oni.
Don't tickle your funny Boni.
It's Crab Titty Bears and Dynamax O'Roni.
From Walt Disney Pictures comes the story of three extraordinary friends
on an incredible journey home.
Almost just over that mountain.
Wow.
I hope you know what you're doing.
A journey into danger.
Whoa!
Guys, wait up, wait up!
Where they must work together.
Hang on, Sassy!
If they hope to survive.
I mean, this is like going on Schwarzenegger.
Walt Disney Pictures presents
Homeward Bound, The Incredible Journey, rated G.
Now playing at a theater near you.
I love the taste of milk, Max.
It's a great taste.
Mm-hmm.
Which is why, for the pleasure of a tall, tasty glass,
I do almost anything.
For the smooth, cool goodness of milk,
I'd fly to the farthest galaxy.
For the cold, refreshing taste of milk,
I'd crawl through the burning wasteland.
For one, satisfying, yummy gulp of milk,
I'd stretch myself to the limits.
I do homework, Max.
Wow.
Milk.
It tastes so good.
Nickelodeon presents another tip from Dennis.
How to be a good cowboy.
Kissing girls is about the worst thing a cowboy can do.
Dennis the Menace on Nickelodeon.
You're watching Nickelodeon.
And now, back to Doug.
Call me crazy, but ever since my class
elected me student activity chairperson,
I was determined to figure out
how to get the beats to play at our school.
I love your giant letter to the beats idea.
But do you really think this will get the beats
to play at our school?
Of course it will, Skeet.
When they see how many loyal fans they have here,
they're bound to come.
It had been days since we sent our jumbo-sized letter
to the beats, and we hadn't heard a thing.
I just about given up hope when...
As you were, people,
I've got a fax here
to the student activities chairperson.
Hey, that's you, Doug.
They'll do it.
The beats are going to play a free concert
right here at our school.
All right.
Back down.
I hate to burst your beats bubble,
but there isn't going to be any beat concert in my school.
Huh?
The beats simply do not play the kind of music
I feel is appropriate for a school concert.
Well, perhaps if you've chosen
a more wholesome musical group like, say,
all the Bluffington Yodlers, for example,
that will be a completely different story.
That's your group, isn't it, Mr. Bone?
The subject is closed.
I mean it, Mr. The subject is closed.
Yodeling.
It's not fair.
It's not the work we did, getting the beats to come.
It's like Mr. Bone is programmed to say no to everything.
Yeah, like a robot.
The subject is closed.
I wonder how Quail-Man would deal
with someone like Mr. Bone.
The adventurers of Quail-Man,
the superhero who always wears clean underwear
for his pens and his grateful companion, Quail Dogs.
And it is with great personal pleasure
that I dedicate the new school gymnasium
to our superhero with the mighty slam dunk, Quail Man.
Well, gosh, folks, well, it all began
when I was but a tiny quail baby, huh?
Oh, attention, I am Robobon.
We are system principals from Planet Numbulus.
I'm a single line and no one gets hurt.
We have come to Earth to do what we do best.
What's that, Praytel?
Boss, people around.
The subject is closed.
Robo-closed, patrol the halls.
The school is officially under my command.
Huh?
Single-closed, single-closed.
Come, Quail Dog, we'd better keep these Robo-clones
under close surveillance.
So I said, you'd better make a hard copy
before you reboot that van.
And then she said, hold on right there,
be to have hall passes, hyperdetentions for both of you.
And while we're at it, let's see if your lockers
pass inspection.
Locker status, box of jelly donuts, moldy banana,
smelly gym suck, analysis, not clean.
That'll be a life in detention for both of you.
That's not even airlocking me.
Life in detention, while they're strict.
Huh?
Well, Spuddy Pat, do not conform with the new address code.
That's instant detention hall for you
and your entire family, mister.
Help me, Quail Man.
This is worse than I thought.
Come, Quail Dog, it's thinking time.
How are we going to defeat Robo-bone in his army
of roboclones?
We need a secret weapon.
Cough?
That's it, Quail Dog.
You're a genius.
A little closer, Quail Dog, and hold it right there,
mister.
You are in serious trouble for flying too long over
school property.
We'll see you in detention forever.
Your power-tripping days are numbered, Robo-bone.
It's time to unleash our secret weapon.
Kids, get your parents' permission
before attempting this at home.
It's working, Quail Dog.
The chalk dust is clogging up their internal computer chips.
We cannot be boiled so easily, mister Smarty Pat.
How about a taste of your own medicine, Quail Man?
Ah-ha-ha, don't you see?
Your puny quail powers are useless against us.
I'm not through yet, Robo-bone.
I'm no quitter.
Those cries for help.
Come on, Quail Dog.
Invisible force, Bill, will keep you in detention forever.
Yikes, Quail Dog.
Quail Man, save us.
I don't know exactly how to say this, Patty,
but my quail powers seem to be no match
for these computerized no-goods.
Say it ain't so, Quail Man.
You again?
Haven't you had enough, Quail Man?
Hey, I'm sure if we talk things over,
we can work something out.
Well, as my quail mom used to say back on Planet Bob,
there's nothing that can't be solved with a little.
I warned you.
All right, Robo-clowns, switch to Robo-Yodel.
Is Yodel in the same key?
The same key?
What?
Is this some kind of trick?
No trick.
Just a simple superhero's suggestion.
You're not.
You know Robo-clown, you sound swell.
Have you ever considered a career in show business?
Oh, show business?
And as everyone knows, Robo-clown and the Bonet
soon became a musical sensation,
winning new fans wherever they're out of this world
world tour took them.
Back home, students walked the halls safely,
thanks to the tireless efforts of Quail Man and Quail
Dog.
Quail Man bargained with Robo-bone.
There's got to be some way I can bargain with Mr. Bone.
Come on, guys, follow me.
So let me get this straight.
If I agree to let the Beats play their concert here,
the students agree to have the Bluffington Yodlers
for the opening act.
That's right, Mr. Bone.
What do you say?
Mr. Student Chairperson, you've got yourself a deal.
Well, it was worth putting up with Mr. Bone's Yodeling
group so long as we got to hear the Beats.
Thank you, and good night, Bluffington.
Say, those Yodeling dudes give me an idea.
And now, the real reason you're probably all here,
let's hear it for the Beats.
I'm glad we worked to compromise out with Mr. Bone.
That's what it's all about, listening to each other
and working things out, not just throwing your weight around.
Come move the grass, I'll clean the house.
I think of the zoo song.
This Valentine's Day, whether you're looking for mush
or looking to avoid it, join Pete and Ellen from Pete
and Pete as they host Nickelodeon's Valentine's
Day Mush Fest all day tomorrow right here.
Now, stay tuned for Rugrats next on Nick.
For parts this Valentine's weekend,
Nick brings you many forms of love, loving an idol,
I'm going to be proper!
loving food, it's my favorite, dusty old nutshells
and preach you gum, loving thyself and loving sweets,
get some candy boys, so get comfy on the big orange love
seat with Clarissa, Ren and Stimpy, roundhouse,
and are you afraid of the dark and fall in love with Nick?
Tonight, starting at 8, 7 central, only on Nick.
Take one reason.
People who are different don't get along.
Instead, they don't know how to start.
If each person learned how to say hello
in a different language, it would be a great start.
Because the best way to start a conversation
is with hello.
Konnichiwa.
Hola.
Merhaba.
As-salamu alaikum.
Ciao.
Shalom.
Prejudice is when you don't talk to someone
just because they're different.
Start with hello.
Having fun fishing?
You bet.
Hey guys, breakfast!
Let's go grandpa.
You got it.
Come on, I want my Kellogg's corn pops.
Stay calm.
Is there a problem?
Looks like we may have to catch our breakfast.
Ha ha, this isn't funny.
Oh, like sweet popcorn, there's never enough.
And I'm stuck in the middle of the lake.
I'll come a joke and everyone's
eating pops except me.
Kellogg's corn pops is part of this complete breakfast.
I gotta have my pops.
Creepy flowers.
They're squirmy and roomy and purple and green.
The grossest little creatures that you've ever seen.
Creepy crawlers.
Build a monster mold with a colored plastic goon
and make a creepy crawler from a yucky monster soup.
Their achy yucky squirmy roomy, very scary, sometimes hairy,
squiggly, wiggly, creepy crawling.
Creepy crawlers.
Gross out your sister and embarrass your dad.
You can be a little creep without being bad.
Creepy crawlers workshop with plastic goon.
None of these other bottles will do.
Nothing else has a fruity kool-aid taste at first.
Nothing else is wild like kool-aid firsts.
No birds.
No way.
Dig that deep.
It's the gnarly new flavor from kool-aid first soft drink.
Pig swimming goes.
And you really gotta go for pig swimming goes.
Go pig swimming goes.
Kool-aid birds.
You really gotta go for pig swimming goes.
Pink.
Redible.
Accessor cheese chocolates.
Terminator.
He's all new with his meltdown bazooka,
facing evil white-hot T-1000 with his arrow blaster.
You missed.
Looks like T-1000 can't stand the heat.
Terminator.
The Nickelodeon space travel module's slime one
has just returned to Earth with some stumbling findings.
Venus has a desolate mountainous terrain
covered with what appears to be sea monkeys,
yet it has no kid's network.
Saturn is made up entirely of crunchy peanuts,
chewy caramel, and gooey nougat, but no kid's network.
And while there are no life forms visible,
Neptune does have one radio station which plays
La Bamba all day.
Still no kid's network.
Based on these findings, we can now
say that Nickelodeon is the first kid's network
in the entire known universe.
Next on Nickelodeon, it's the Rugrats.
Our Mrs. Pick Girls, welcome to Golden Apple Daycare,
where our motto is, an apple a day keeps the children at bay.
And this must be Thomas.
Tommy, actually.
Allow me to introduce you to our guidance specialist.
I'm Sandra.
I'll be Tommy's playtime counselor.
I carefully monitor psychological development
and social adjustment.
I'm Jonathan.
I'll be Tommy's nutritional coordinator.
I serve only organically grown, fat and cholesterol-free
macrobiotic food stuffs.
I'm Bob.
I change the diapers.
It's nice to meet you all.
Your facilities are so secure.
Why, thank you, Mrs. Pick Girls.
You know, there's never been an escape
from Golden Apple Daycare.
Well, I guess that's it then.
I'll see you at 5 o'clock, sweetie.
Little cry.
Oh, look, Tommy, a buddy, Wally.
You can play with this.
One Sandra Niner, one Sandra Niner,
toilet incident in sector five.
Do you copy?
Over.
One Jonathan Six, this is one Sandra Niner,
and proceeding to little girl's room.
Over.
Over here.
You talking to me?
Shh.
You don't want them screws to hear, do you?
Screws.
You know, grown-ups.
Oh, you know Ronnie, don't you?
Everybody Ronnie calls me wise guy.
On account of I know everything what's going on.
Hi, boys, guy, my name's Tommy Pickles.
Sure, sure.
Listen, if you're going to make it in this place,
you got to know what's what.
What?
Right.
You see that kid over there?
That's Big Justin.
He's kind of the boss around here.
On account of he's the biggest.
You see that girl over there?
They call her the builder.
On account of she's always playing with blocks.
And look over there.
They call him a dope boy.
He can make anything out of play to her.
That kid.
Oh, don't worry about him.
He's faking it.
Faking it?
Yep.
That's crybaby.
He can make himself cry even when nothing's bothering him.
Hey, who's the new kid?
Oh, hi, Justin.
This here is the Tommy Pickles.
Nice ball, kid.
Give it to me.
No.
What'd you say, kid?
It's my ball.
You can't have it.
Look, you're new around here.
And maybe you know what I told you?
I'm Big Justin.
And I run this place.
Now, give me the ball.
No.
I said, give it to me.
I bet your cookie, Justin, gets the ball.
You're on.
Diagnosis.
Destructive overreaction syndrome.
Procedure?
Positive reinforcement denial.
Withdrawal of snack gratification.
First change of diapers.
No.
Time out.
Diapers might cheer the little fella up.
How long?
Five minutes.
Five minutes?
Don't you think that's a bit harsh?
Do it.
Bro, just keep getting meaner and meaner.
No, no, Tommy.
Noisemaking is not part of time out.
Well, Tommy, Wommy, I think we're feeling a whole lot
better now, aren't we?
Five minutes.
I seen guys crack after two.
I gotta admit, Pickles, you're
a lot tougher than I'd have guessed.
They had snack time while you was in the pen.
I saved this for you.
Thanks, wise guy.
Look, it's one of them health food cookies.
It's the only thing they give us here.
Listen, I did some thinking while I was in the pen.
Yeah?
We're listening.
I got an idea how we go bust out of here.
What's the matter?
Well, a lot of guys have tried it
and he had a buddy who tried to break out.
I can tell it.
He tried to climb out the window.
They caught him before he even reached the bars.
Well, they do to him.
First, they put him in the pen just to soften him up.
Then they made him put away all the toys in the playroom
by himself.
Then they called his mom.
Ah!
They transferred him to Happy Valley Daycare.
We never saw him again.
Well, my plan's different.
We're not going to get caught and we're not
going to get transferred neither.
We're just going to get out.
I don't know.
Look, I can't promise you much.
But if we get out of here, there's
a few things I can't promise you.
No more naps, no more healthy cookies, no more screws,
and best of all, no more time out.
No more time out.
But I just need to know one thing.
Are you with me?
And here's a spinach puree for you.
And here's one for you.
New kid wants to beat behind the swings at playtime.
Pass it on.
He's behind the swings.
Behind the swings.
Pass it on.
The first thing you've got to do
is get the screws attention.
Crybaby, that's where you come in.
Don't worry about me, Tobi.
Tears is my business.
Good.
Next, we're going to need to make something big and tall.
Builder, that's what we need from you.
You think you could do it?
No problem, Tommy.
Next, we got to open the lock.
Two boy, can you make a key out of Play-Doh?
Double boulder single.
Never mind, I can do it.
OK, here's the plan.
That young Tommy Pickles is quite popular for a first year.
Yes, perhaps too popular.
I hope your plan works, Pickles.
Happy Valley's a tough joint.
Don't worry, it'll work.
What are you going to do when you get out, Pickles?
Me?
I'm looking forward to sleeping in my own crib.
How about you, White Sky?
I got a bottle back home with my name on it.
Yeah, there's a girl back home waiting for me.
I call her Mom.
Yeah.
One, Santa, and one, Santa, and we have a crying situation.
Repeat, we have a crying situation.
Over?
Is it more than a dead over?
Yes, it is.
And you'd better get over here fast.
You've got a full night's dream dream situation.
Bring Bob to over.
Roger, I'm on my way.
Baby, if I stand on his shoulders,
I could just about reach it.
Hurry, Tommy, that's much longer.
Hello, sweetie.
Did you have a lovely day?
Mommy missed you so much.
The rest of us, he said we'd all get out.
I trusted that baby.
Justin, sweetie!
Mommy!
I knew Tommy'd keep his word.
Oh, look, Tommy, a butterfly.
Hold on.
Rugrats will be right back.
Snake is coming.
Snake cannot be stopped.
Snake will be here Saturday night.
What is mush and what's too much mush?
Did I score a goal?
Got your name on it.
Join Pete and Ellen from Pete and Pete as they host
Nickelodeon's Valentine's Day Mushfest.
It's 14 shows filled with crushes, kisses, and confessions.
Plus Pete and Ellen.
I want this to last forever.
Nickelodeon's Valentine's Day Mushfest,
this Sunday starting at 2-1 Central, only on Nickelodeon.
Brought to you by Nintendo, makers of Super NES,
and KitKat.
I'll never forget the time mom went to the store.
I forgot to get to Crunch Bay cereal.
No Crunch?
No berries?
Will you ever forgive me?
I had to think fast.
Good thing Captain Crunch has a fax machine.
Then there they were.
The Captain, the only berries in Crunch,
and part of my balanced breakfast.
Heard mom messed up big time.
Then everything was cool.
How can I ever thank you, Captain?
Can I borrow your car?
Crunch berries, the only berries at Crunch.
In our endless search for fun fruit roll-ups,
you should see what we roll out with.
First, we invented you want this rose.
But that idea fell through.
Said we thought kids would get a bang out of exploding rolls.
But fortunately they did.
Finally, one idea really took shape.
We've packed even more peel-out shapes
out of fruit roll-ups.
So now every inch is totally covered with peel-outs
with a taste that's totally appealing.
New fruit roll-ups totally covered with peel-outs.
What fun fruit roll-ups will we roll out with next?
Big pieces, little pieces, masterpieces,
Reese's pieces, head pieces, neck pieces, mouth pieces,
Reese's pieces, the famous flavor of Reese's
peanut butter in a fun candy shell.
You'll love them to pieces.
On the one hand, it's my grandparents' 40th anniversary.
And I'm de-jaying the party.
On the other hand, Sam scored backstage
passes to Pearl Jam on the same night.
The problem is, I can't do both.
Or can I?
Find out tonight at 8, 7 central on Snake.
You're watching Nickelodeon.
And now back to the Rats.
The phone is not a play thing.
Tickles residents.
Oh, hello, Cynthia.
Yes, yes, I remember.
First thing in the morning.
Bye.
Hear that, little man?
You're going to go see Dr. Schachter tomorrow.
And he's going to give you a nice booster shot.
Hey, you guys, guess what?
What?
I'm going to the doctor tomorrow.
And I'm going to get a booster shot.
A booster shot?
What's that?
Something to turn you into a rooster?
No, it's not.
Yeah, maybe a gold feather's in a beak.
No, it isn't an egg.
No, it's a crow.
No!
Booster shot?
Booster shot.
What's that?
The most terrible estate that'll ever happen to you.
What is it, Chuckie?
It's not a very pretty story, but here goes.
First, they put you in this little room
and make you sit on a freezing cold ironing board.
The doctor comes in, pretending he's real nice,
like he's your bestest pal.
Hello, Chuckie.
Have you been a good boy lately?
Don't you remember me?
I'm your friend, Dr. Lecter.
And I know just what you need.
Then, all of a sudden, he changes.
He goes for a beat a nice old guy who smells funny,
do a crazy old guy who smells funny,
and he's got the shot!
Ah!
What, Chuckie?
Hey, the shot, you're crying.
You're crying, and the doctor says there now.
That wasn't so bad, was it?
But it is bad, Tobi.
Real bad.
Well, nice knowing you, Tommy.
Yeah, you've been a good friend, and we're going to miss you.
There's nothing you can do about it, Tobi.
Once the grown-ups decide to give you the shot,
it's all over.
Well, it's not happening to me.
They can take away all my toys.
They can wash my hair every night,
but no matter what they do, no matter what they say,
I'm not going to that doctor.
I'm not going to get that shot!
Never, never, never, never!
Here we are.
See, Tommy, it's not so bad.
You'll love Dr. Shocker.
He's very nice.
Good morning, Mrs. Pickles.
Dr. Shocker is expecting you.
Why don't you have a seat, and I'll call you when he's ready.
Here you go, Tommy, kids.
And look, here's a little friend to play with you.
Oh, isn't that cute?
It's almost like they're actually playing with each other
rather than next to each other.
Yes, but according to Lipschitz,
there won't be any real binary interaction
for several months yet.
Oh, have you read Lipschitz?
It's my Bible.
Excuse me, Mrs. Pickles, I need you to sign this form.
Certainly.
Hi, my name's Tommy.
What's yours?
Hector.
What do you have for Hector?
I don't know.
Something about a rooster shot.
Oh, no!
We're both in a lot of trouble.
Why?
Because it's not a rooster shot.
It's a booster shot.
What's that?
Mama, I think I've been hurt a hundred times this time.
I knew it.
Cornups are always doing stuff like this.
Why can't they just leave us alone?
Come on, Hector.
There's only one thing to do.
We've got to get out of here before their doctor shows up.
How long are we going to be going?
I don't know.
Maybe forever.
Well, OK.
But if we're going to be running away forever,
we've got to take our bottles.
Good thinking.
True.
Angelica.
Hello, Aunt Dee Dee.
Hello, sweetheart.
Who's she?
Your worst nightmare.
What are you two doing here?
Oh, Angelica's just here for a checkup.
What a coincidence.
That's what Tommy's here for too.
And to get his booster.
Angel, why don't you go play with Tommy
and his little friend while Daddy talks with Aunt Dee?
OK, Daddy.
Nothing.
You don't look like he was doing nothing.
You look like he was doing something.
No, really.
Hector and me was just cleaning up the play area
when we had to.
Yeah, yeah.
Little of the grown-up sitting place?
I don't think so.
Come on, Tommy.
Tell your cousin Angelica all about it.
I don't like her, Tommy.
She's got mean eyes.
Well, um, come on, Tommy.
There's nothing to tell.
We were just cleaning up.
Friend, Tommy, someone to talk to and no one to get in.
OK, OK.
Hector and me are running away so we
don't have to get the shot.
Oh, didn't want to get a shot.
Huh?
What were you going to do, escape and join the circus?
It's not funny, Angelica.
Jackie got a shot and it scared the poop out of him.
Scared?
You've got to be kidding.
Only babies are scared of shots.
Yeah, well, we're babies and we're scared.
Come on, Hector.
Oh, no, you don't.
You're not going anywhere.
But, Angelica, you promised you wouldn't tell.
I didn't promise nothing.
Aunt Edie!
Angelica and Aunt Hector, let's get out of here.
My advice is to stick to CDs and money markets.
Aunt Edie, Aunt Edie!
Now, pumpkin, daddy, and Aunt Edie are talking.
I know, but.
When grown-ups are talking, little girls and little boys
are supposed to wait quietly.
I know, but.
Then, when the grown-ups say it's OK for you to talk,
then you can say whatever you want.
I know.
Now, Conley, what is it that you wanted to tell Aunt Edie?
Aunt Edie!
You know, honey pie, these are the kinds of things
you should really tell the grown-ups right away.
Cynthia, have you seen our kids?
No, Mrs. Pickles.
They were here just a second ago.
Well, they're gone.
Abrams, either seal off the South Wing,
close all stairwells, and whatever you do,
make sure they don't get into the pathology lab.
Those babies couldn't have gotten far.
Now what, Tommy?
They got us trapped.
Short stuff.
Certainly made a mess of things.
I hope Dr. Shocker isn't too upset.
Tommy, long time no see.
Oh, you sure have gotten big in the last couple of months,
kiddo.
23 and 1 half inches, doctor.
Whoa, Michael Jordan, watch out.
Tommy Pickles is right behind you.
Oh, it's a matter, Tommy.
Don't you remember me, your old pal, Dr. S?
I know what you need.
A nice lollipop.
That's my boy.
There you go, Tommy.
Now, what kind of bandage do you want?
Good choice.
See, Tommy, that wasn't so bad, was it?
Looks like your little friend had an easy time with the doctor
too.
Don't cry, sweetie.
It was just a shock.
Is she going to be OK, doctor?
I hope that shot didn't hurt her.
Don't worry, Mr. Pickles, you'll be completely fine.
It's just that some kids can take them.
Some kids can't.
This Valentine's Day, whether you're
looking for mush or looking to avoid it,
be here for Nickelodeon's Valentine's Day Mush Fest,
hosted by Pete and Ellen of Pete and Pete All Day
Tomorrow.
Now, Snick gives you a head start on Valentine's Day.
Who does Clarissa love?
Is there love at the roundhouse?
And what is it that Stimpy loves more than anything?
Nothing.
Find out on the many loves of Snick coming up next.
Sneaking up on you.
So stay tuned.
We don't need to tell you.
Life's tough.
I'm just trying to survive till junior high.
That's why Nickelodeon presents DOG Doug.
What should I do?
Doug, he's two eyes, four limbs,
and 84 pounds of wishful thinking,
plagued by grown-ups, hounded by homework,
a little nervous about girls.
He's just a kid trying to make the grade, seventh grade.
What are you waiting for, funny?
Hop to, chop, chop.
Can Doug pull through?
How do I ever get into this mess?
Find out on Doug, one of the Knick Tunes
tomorrow at 10, 9 Central on Knick.
We're here at Nickelodeon Studios,
where kids are looking for Valentine's Day.
So listen up.
It could be you.
Hi, I'm Wilson.
I want Ryan to be my Valentine.
I want Claire from Rickham England to be my Valentine.
Hi, I'm Danielle.
I want my Valentine to be Tanya.
Hi, I'm Connie, and I want Maya to be my Valentine.
Hi, I'd like to be my Valentine.
Happy Valentine's Day from Nickelodeon Studios.
You are now entering Crystal Princess World.
Look!
Oh, Princess Crystal Art.
This is Crystal's artist.
You're awesome, beautiful.
I love you, Crystal Princess.
And when I give you what's worth,
I love how magic fills the air
in your crystal princess world.
She's so pretty.
I crown you, Princess Crystal Diamond.
I love you, Crystal Princess,
with a soft and glaring hair.
I love you, pretty princess gown
and the royal crown you wear.
There are lots of different Crystal Princesses,
and they each have their own pretty crystals.
I love you, Crystal Princess,
and when I give you what's worth,
I love how magic fills the air in your crystal princess world.
Crystal Princess, they're each sold separately.
Crystal Swan Carrots coming in March.
Another Kellogg's Cornflakes morning
with Cornelius Rooster.
Nothing gets you crowing in the morning
like the crisp corn taste of Kellogg's Cornflakes.
They're part of your complete breakfast.
Dear Maximum Security Diary,
Megan is always bugging me
to join something after school.
First, I tried chilling,
I can't smile that much, it hurts my face.
I tried basketball but I never got the ball.
So I tried class council and it's great.
We meet at McDonald's, my favorite place.
And the class president, Brian Sweeney, is totally neat.
Brian Sweeney?
Totally neat.
That guy?
You're dead.
Snick.
It's there.
Snick's here.
It's sneaking out.
Saturday night.
Nickelodeon.
It's sick.
Snick.
We're gonna snick.
And you can snick.
Snick.
It would be pretty dull without it.
Take the season.
When summer starts,
you can't wait to get out the suntan lotion,
the charcoal, the volleyball net.
But by the end of the summer,
everything's full of sand.
The mosquitoes think you're lunch meat.
And if you see one more roasted wiener, you'll puke.
Or how about fashion?
Just about the same time,
you're really sick and tired of one look.
Something really cool comes along.
Then there are things that never change.
Things you can always count on.
The way school smells,
the way little socks feel itchy.
And then of course,
they're your grandparents.
Talk about dependable.
They're always glad to see you.
They always take your side.
And they always think you're the smartest,
cutest kid in the world.
Sometimes it's hard to believe they're related
to your mom and dad.
You wanna know the best thing about grandparents?
They're coming today.
P-minus three hours before my dad's parents get here.
It's a big deal.
Their 40th wedding anniversary.
We're throwing a party.
And I get to DJ.
Let's see.
Would Count Basie segue into Fushnickens?
Well, the party's not till the end of the week,
so I've got time to think about it.
Besides, I've got a lot more to do
with grandma and grandpa first.
I'm all set.
Cards for gin rummy,
Mark's Brothers movies, board games.
Sounds pretty tame,
but they're not the most active people in the world.
Like last year when we had our own spring training
in the backyard.
And how about our trip to the lake?
Talk about the one that got away.
Then there was my sixth birthday
when we tried to play hide and seek.
Wasn't too tough to find them.
Sure, I've outgrown some of this stuff,
but they like it and I like them.
Hi, Sam.
Did you get them?
Sure I got them.
Sort of.
Sort of?
Sam, you don't sort of get Pearl Jam tickets.
You either get them or you don't.
You got them, didn't you?
You know how Mr. Fudstein always says
we should appreciate the little things in life?
Well, that's how Pearl Jam's going to look to us.
Little.
Bro, are in the second balcony?
I thought the music editor owed your dad a favor.
These are nosebleed seats.
Well, they are for free.
And it is Pearl Jam.
So we're on?
We're on.
Hey, what's all this stuff for?
Just stuff I'm going to do with my grandparents.
Wow, I never plan to do anything with my grandpa.
He just rests all the time.
It's like a hobby.
He eats breakfast, reads the paper and takes a nap.
Gets up for lunch, watches the Perry Mason rerun and takes a nap.
Then it's time for people's court a little dinner and...
Another nap?
No, then it's pretty much bedtime.
Well, it's not like I've scheduled bungee jumping, Sam.
Besides, their idea of an aerobic workout
is shuffling the cards before another round of rummy.
Yeah, my grandpa loves to play cards too.
We play for pretzel sticks.
It's always quit eating the pot, Tike.
Tike?
It's his dumb pet name for me.
Put it there, Tike. How ya doin', Tike?
I'm permanently fixed in his brain as being four years old.
They enjoy babying you.
So, grandparents, it's part of their job description.
No kidding.
At Christmas, he sent me a Mr. Potato Head with a note to my dad
to make sure I don't swallow any of the small pieces.
Come on, you're exaggerating.
Oh, yeah?
Last time they were here, they took me to see Rafi, eighth row center.
Hmm.
Eighth row for Rafi, second balcony for Pearl Jam.
What's wrong with this picture?
I believe you're making pot roast, Mom.
Believe me, it wasn't my idea,
but your grandparents have to have red meat every day.
It's just too bad, Grandma and Grandpa
haven't discovered the benefits of health foods.
You just have to suffer through it and pretend we like it.
Yes!
Where are they?
They're late. They're never late.
But they're late.
Marshall, I'm sure they're fine.
And so is the pot roast.
I've already seasoned it with herbs. I think they'll like it.
Well, let's make sure.
Marshall!
Janet, can we just do this?
I do not want to sit through two hours
and my parents telling us the right way to make pot roast.
Chill out, Dad. It's just beef.
Well, you try telling them that.
If you're going to get this upset over a pot roast,
how are you going to handle their anniversary?
You're right.
I know.
It just doesn't matter what I do.
They find it too radical.
When I had my hair long, they wanted it short.
My major in architecture, they wanted an accountant.
I had my own rock and roll band,
and they told me to play the cello.
Forget about politics.
Well, they are a little straight-laced.
I just wish they would loosen up a little.
They're so conservative.
My kind of people.
Your kind of people are slimy with fins.
Slug.
Come on back.
Hold it.
There will be none of that.
For the week my parents are here,
there will be peace and quiet,
not too much excitement,
not too much stress.
Well, they'll probably be worn out
from the trip anyway.
Finally.
All right.
Okay.
They're here.
Is everything okay?
Is the meat okay?
Do I look okay?
Uh-huh.
Wartlet.
Hey, hey.
Now, remember what I said.
I know everybody's excited, but...
Hey, Slugger.
Um, where were you?
Yes, we were beginning to worry.
Nat, a popper, don't you want to sit down?
Hold on, hold on.
I'll tense up.
I have to work out.
It's best to keep moving and stay loose.
Work out?
Well, we drove by the old high school and went in.
Oh, you know it looks a lot smaller.
We just had to get out and shoot a few hoops.
Hoops?
As in basketball?
They're joking.
You are joking, right?
Listen, I still get a few moves left, yeah.
I can't believe you guys played basketball.
Oh, we're not full court.
Slowpoke here can't handle my fast break.
Well, what's the matter?
Why is everybody so quiet?
Somebody die around here?
I'm famished.
Come on, Amelia.
Let's go wash up for dinner.
Last one up the stairs buys a Gatorade.
Oh, you're off.
I have just one question, Dad.
What's that, sport?
What have those people done with our real grandparents?
I'm sorry about the pot roast mixed up, Janet.
Oh, well, I could have prepared a vegetarian banquet
if only I'd known you'd given up red meat.
And caffeine.
And sugar.
And white flour.
Oh, toxins.
That's what they are.
Those things will kill you.
Nana, Papa, what happened to you?
Clarissa?
No, I'd like an answer to that, too, huh?
It's just that you both seem so...
Well, go ahead and say it.
Young.
We feel marvelous.
Sure do.
This is too weird.
You guys aren't the same people who sent me
my first subscription to the Wall Street Journal.
Yeah, Dad, I mean, you didn't act like this
before you were retired.
Yeah, a guy knew what to expect then.
What went wrong?
Well, I'll tell you, for 42 years I ran my factory.
And all we ever made was those little
press-on nose pads for eyeglasses.
Four-ring!
So we were really looking forward to our golden years.
Time to play cards.
Yes, watch old movies.
Look at the birds.
Sounds great.
Was it great?
He was driving me up the wall,
but he couldn't sit still.
It was depressing.
Then it hit me.
Last June we were playing cards.
I hate Jen Rummy.
To tell the truth, I always hated Jen Rummy.
Well, I only played it because he liked it.
That's when we decided to live a little.
And we've been on the go ever since.
Well, I think that's wonderful.
I think it's awful.
I mean, I'm often nice.
I think it's, you know, I think it's...
Hey.
I think I'd better replay my week.
Well, out with the old and in with the new.
It's great to see you can get older without getting slower.
The only thing is, if they keep up this pace,
who knows what'll happen.
Will their search for adventure have a scaling new height?
Will that collection needs a little more zip?
Or will they become international spies?
Boiling plots for global domination.
I thought I'd have to set the pace for them,
but now it looks like they're setting the pace for me.
And my whole family.
What a week.
It's been nonstop ever since my grandparents got here.
We spent Monday at the water park,
Tuesday at the blues festival,
Wednesday night square dancing,
and today it was Wismos Arcade.
We've got blown away, soaked, trampled, and blasted.
I never felt better.
In fact, aside from my grandparents,
I'm the only one still standing.
Chief, watch.
I can't believe the prizes they give out.
It does nothing it's supposed to.
It's a two dollar watch. It did everything it's supposed to.
It broke.
Am I holding the keys?
Oh good, I wasn't sure.
I've lost all feeling in my arm after four straight hours of ski ball.
Well no one can say you're not a good sport, Marshall.
What has happened to my parents?
I mean, I can't get over the change.
Remember when they came to visit last year?
We spent the whole week doing that 900 piece jigsaw puzzle
of a covered bridge.
Now those are the days.
See you then.
It's no longer sad.
It's great to see the Belmondos again, huh?
Oh still, the same old friend and baby.
Oh and they're so excited about the party Saturday night.
Saturday night?
What party Saturday night?
Crossing your grandparents' anniversary party.
I thought that was on the 18th.
Saturday is the 18th Brainiac.
You have plans?
Well, I was just going to go see Pearl Jam.
Well, you can invite your friend Pearl to the party.
Yeah, so we still have our DJ.
Yeah, you can count on me.
Any special requests?
Well, my favorite band is Vanilla Fudge.
How can you listen to that stuff?
Decisions, decisions.
There's so much music to choose from when you're trying to please three generations.
I guess one thing I won't be hearing is Pearl Jam.
But Sam's tickets were crummy anyway.
There'll be other concerts.
Hi Sam.
Hey, Clarissa. Guess what?
What?
My dad came through for us.
It seems the music editor really wanted basketball tickets only my dad could get hold of.
So?
Pearl Jam Fourth Row Center.
We totally scored.
Fourth row?
Fourth row from the stage?
Yeah, can you believe it?
This is going to be one totally awesome event.
One totally awesome event too many.
Now what am I going to do?
Say explains and nicks nicks after this.
They're awkward.
They're unpredictable.
They don't look anything like your friends said they would.
They're nicot mites.
Dates From Heck.
Six of TV Land's classic bad dates for Valentine's Day.
Witness, but come on.
Hello, baby.
The pick up.
Hi.
The chase.
And the score.
I do.
They're Dates From Heck.
Tonight at 10-9 Central right after snack on nicot night.
Dates From Heck is brought to you by Aeridextra Dry.
It's a bomb.
The eyes of justice are watching.
It's Batman.
It'll be this.
Where would a villain like me hide a bomb?
Sting up on his high powered bat cycle.
Batman charges to the answer.
A giant maze.
What flies but has no wings.
Time.
And it's running out.
Blasting off in his rocket gear.
Teaser.
Turbojet Batman surprises Riddler.
Times up.
The eyes of justice.
Batman.
Figure included with Bat Cycle.
Other figures sold separately.
Submitted for your approval.
Lewis Galloway, 13 years old.
He said he was ready for the ultimate video challenge.
But there's something new behind those doors.
And there's no turning back.
When you enter the video zone.
Mind bending games.
Unstoppable nemesis.
A video nemesis at every turn.
Encountered from inside the game.
It's a new reality in a new dimension.
Nickelodeon's Ozone.
It's the ultimate video challenge.
Nick Arcade.
Weekdays at 5-4 Central on Nickelodeon.
Huggin' the troll kid.
Can't stop hugging the troll kid.
Troll kids have the adorable face of Russ Trolls.
And a body that's so soft.
You can't stop hugging it.
Russ Troll kids and trolls.
Just say it with a Russ.
Are you afraid to sneak?
We'll be right back after this.
Na na na na na na.
Okay, I've got to choose.
They're counting on me to DJ at my grandparents' anniversary.
Which ordinarily would be cool.
There's the best seat, the best concert, the best band in the whole entire world.
What do you do?
And there are two things you really want to do.
And they're both happening at the same time.
Projet tickets. Cool.
Tell me about it.
Fourth row.
How often do you get seats like that?
Like never.
So go.
Your grandparents will understand.
Besides, they're old.
They probably won't even remember.
I'm obligated.
I'm the DJ.
The success of the party will rest in my hands.
And these Prima tickets will rest in someone else's.
They're my grandparents.
They're our anniversary.
I'm going to the party.
Cool.
Can I have your ticket?
Everyone's your friend when they want something from you.
Hi, Sam.
Hey, Lursa.
You better sit down for this.
Sam.
It's your backstage passage.
I know.
The Pearl Jam?
This Saturday?
I know.
I love your music.
Oh, that is so dorky.
I know.
I won't say anything.
They'll just think I'm mysterious.
So you'll blow off the party.
The party?
What am I saying?
I can't miss this concert.
I'll just have to tell them.
How hard can that be?
It's swollen.
Oh, it's not swollen, Marshal.
And it can't possibly hurt as much as you say it does.
Ah, okay.
You get your leg whacked by a windmill at the mini golf,
and then you can talk to me about pen.
Well, I just hope your leg is better by tonight
because your parents are counting on all of us going roller skating.
Well, you're not going to be by yourself.
Ferguson and Clarissa are going to be there.
Darn the luck.
I just realized my term paper on masks is due,
and I'm afraid I'll have to miss roller skating.
Just exactly when is it due?
Well, it's due in two weeks,
but when you start skimping on gastropods,
you're just asking for trouble.
Nice try, Ferguson.
Mom, I'm tired.
I ache.
I have a blister on my toe.
Please.
Well, maybe we can talk them into a nice game of part cheesy.
What do you think, dear?
Oh, whatever anybody else wants to do.
Something wrong?
Oh, hi, everybody.
What are you getting?
Oh, Varsha, what happened to your leg?
Oh, it's nothing.
You can say that again.
I may have to stay off it for a few days.
Oh, you're going to make roller skating, aren't you?
Huh, touch and go.
Oh, my little marshmallow.
Mom.
Nana, Papa.
Hey, how's our little disc jockey?
Good.
Um, about the party.
It'll be a blast.
We just had lunch with the Del Mondos,
and they're so impressed with you.
With me?
That's right.
Mimi can't believe a teenager would give up her Saturday night
to spend time with her grandparents.
It is hard to believe, but about Saturday.
But we told them that our clavrissa was different.
She wants to be with us.
I do.
I do want to be with you.
Of course you do.
It wouldn't be a party without you.
We better get changed for roller skating.
Do you want to hold these people up?
Oh, okay.
Well, I'm glad I got that off my chest.
What about Norman Lunrich?
Norman Lunrich?
You're going to give my Pearl Jam tickets to Norman Lunrich?
He eats mayonnaise and peanut butter sandwiches
and enjoys doing logarithms.
Clavrissa, you've eliminated everybody else.
Let's face it, you can't go.
If it's any consolation, I'll be screaming your name
when Pearl Jam kicks in at 10.
10?
The ticket says 8.30.
We'll figure at least an hour and a half
to suffer through the warm-up band.
Party starts at 8.
The real concert starts at 10.
Oh, my gosh!
What?
Sam, with your help, there's still one chance
I can jam with Pearl Jam.
We'll show you might think $5 is a bit pricey
for a chocolate bar, but it's for the chess team
and we need our uniforms.
In that case, here you go, Sonny.
And Sonny.
Yes, sir.
In my day, we at least tried to make it believable.
Return it.
Mom.
Here.
Here's one I've never heard of
and you're sure to remember.
Harvest Serenade by Larry Lamore and the Light Butters.
And I thought we had weird band names.
All right, we've got the canapes, the little crackers,
the baloney roll-up.
Calm down. How hard can this be?
I just don't want any hitches in the operation, Sam.
Once we get going, it's full steam ahead.
Marshal, everyone keeps asking about you.
Wouldn't you like to make an appearance?
Well, yeah, I'd like to, but I haven't finished writing my speech yet.
I don't know what to say about my folks.
Now they've made all these changes in their life.
Well, I'm sure whatever you come up with,
you'll be proud.
Just about ready with the hors d'oeuvres, kids?
Right behind you, Mom.
Now remember the plan, Sam.
Time is of the essence.
Got it.
Let's synchronize our watches.
It's now 8.15.
We've got to be out of here by 9.
Ladies and gentlemen, what can I say
on a night like this with parents like mine?
What can I say?
Ready?
Ready.
Let's do it.
I'm in the sophomores.
You're eating my heart out.
Indulge.
That about wraps it up.
Good, but not good enough.
We'll never get to the concert at this rate.
Let's speed it up.
Speed it up?
You hired me. Let's go.
What can I say on a night like this with parents like mine?
Yeah, a night like, what did I say?
A night like this.
Come on, everybody. Let's dance.
How we doing?
Three minutes.
Into the coats.
And out the door.
Well, slow down. Where's the fire?
What do you mean?
You haven't sat down all night.
Oh, well, that's just because there's so much going on.
Oh, come on, Clarissa.
Why you've been racing around all evening like,
well, like you had something better to do.
Better?
What could be better than this?
Clarissa?
Not really better, different maybe.
I wouldn't really say better.
But see, there's this band Pearl Jam
and even though they're the greatest band
in the whole wide world,
we really don't have to see this concert
even though they hardly tour at all.
What do you mean, you want to leave?
Oh, no, I couldn't.
I mean, I just wouldn't feel right, right?
Go on, get out of here.
No way you understand.
You do?
Well, you never understood when I wanted to go see Vanilla Fudge.
Well then, why don't you go see them tonight too?
Yeah, yeah, mom.
Kids, go ahead. Get out of here.
We'll be fine without you.
Dad, is it okay?
Well, on a night like this with parents like mine,
you know, what can I say?
Have a good time.
You guys are the greatest.
Oh, have a good time.
Oh, uh, Dad, about your speech.
Yeah?
It's a young crowd.
Try to keep it snappy.
Na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na, na.
Well, Marshall, next year, how about a family trip?
We'll go whitewater rafting.
Oh, I don't know, Dad, it's kind of dangerous.
You know, the rapids, the hypothermia,
and you don't know where you're going to sleep at night.
Marshall, lighten up.
When did he get so conservative?
Oh, if only he'd lose.
Well, again, happy anniversary.
Oh, and have a safe trip home.
Oh, we're not going home.
We're going salmon fishing in Alaska.
Oh, I need some chocolate bars for the trip.
Ferguson.
On me.
Oh, thanks.
Oh, it was great to see you.
All right, I'll get you.
Take care.
Come on.
I can't believe how much they've changed.
I'll say.
And you know what?
What?
Well, help the next time they visit.
They're exactly the same.
Bye.
Tomorrow night, tune in to SNCC.
If you dare, for an entire evening of
Are You Afraid of the Dark, and join the Midnight Society
for Four Tales of Terror, guaranteed to...
It's time to SNCC at the Roundhouse,
where bullies love BAMBO,
and hip-hop digs the Mamanator.
Just a portion of the love potion in motion
on Valentine's Eve at the Roundhouse.
Next on SNCC.
Clarissa Explains It All was taped in Nickelodeon Studios
at Universal Studios, Orlando, Florida.
A quick fill up, check the upholstery,
and get the cushions realigned.
We'll be snicking again after this.
Nickelodeon presents tips from Dennis.
Fame Collection.
Duke, stalker, snag eyes, and cormor commander.
Each 12 inches tall and authentically detailed
with real combat accessories and light and sound weapons
for really big action.
The G.I. Joe Hall of Fame Collection.
It's a whole new way to play.
Figure sold separately.
Everyday life.
One thing is certain.
Conflict is here to stay.
No, it's not.
Yes, it is.
Natalie, I can't believe you.
I can't believe you.
You know what?
Interrupted today in the central northeast Midwestern portion
of the southernmost part of the state.
Who's that?
Temper's flare into a flurry of fisticuffs,
details at 12.
We now return you to our regularly scheduled program.
No, we won't.
Yes, we will.
Hunters killed his mother.
They pegged on the wrong little spotted deer.
Now that's what I call family entertainment.
How can you say that?
It's so violent.
Oh, no, you don't.
You're not dragging me into an argument
in the middle of the conflict show.
What?
Next thing you know we'll have some narrator
tromping around here talking about unhappy families
and domestic disputes.
Oh, honey, you're being ridiculous.
Oh, now I'm being ridiculous.
Yes.
I'm being ridiculous.
Uh-huh.
But of course, the most common source of conflict
is in the home.
Oh, I knew it.
I knew it.
Welcome to the Gala Sports Arena.
We're here today for the event.
Can you tell us why?
You bet, Chuck.
You see?
I put on six pounds.
He used to have a 4,820 pound advantage over me,
but I wound that down to 4,814.
Well, that should make for a better rematch.
There's the gun.
This match is underway.
Back to the victory.
Let's go down to the track
and get a word with the winner.
What exactly happened down there?
Well, you know, at first I thought
I might swerve to miss the guy,
but then he knocked out one of my taillights.
So, you know, I just backed over him.
Oh, Mad Dog, will this be it for you?
No way, Chuck.
I'll be back next time I put on 10 pounds.
Well, I can see your spirits aren't flat,
even though you obviously are.
I'd like to shake your hand.
Oh, there goes the true sportsman.
And I, for one, am proud to have a part of him.
There are some people who deal with conflict in life
by using their brains, their talents, their hard work.
Then there is the kind of person
who tries to get by on fear, intimidation,
and trying to make others look small
by making himself look bigger.
I am bigger.
That's why I should be doing this introduction.
Get lost.
He's called a bully,
and there's probably one in your school.
I'm going to get you for that, you little twerp.
Hey, you!
Get over here before I punch your face in.
Yeah, get over here before we punch your face in.
Shut up, punk.
Yeah, actually shut up, punk.
What did I do?
Are you kidding?
You happened by when I was frustrated and mad
about something else.
So, obviously, I'm going to take it out
on the first innocent thing I see.
Ah, boy, do I feel stupid.
Hello, everybody,
and welcome to another edition of How Stupid Am I,
the show where unmoving contestants
are humiliated just for the fun of it.
And now, a man who spreads unhappiness
wherever he goes, the neighborhood bully
will be picking on John and the kid
from about two houses down the street.
Now, John, correct me if I'm wrong,
but, uh, you're fairly gullible
and much younger than me, am I right?
I don't want to play.
Shut up!
Yeah, shut up!
Here comes the first setup.
Hey, what's that on your shirt?
Where?
Right there!
Ah, smashing first round,
and now for the second challenge.
All right, now, I'm going to put your arms back
and you try and stop me, okay?
John, do you feel stupid?
What do you think?
Wow, that was pretty stupid.
Excellent!
And now for the softest punch portion of our show,
whoever delivers the softest punch wins.
Ready?
Go!
Ooh, that was pretty soft.
I don't know if I can match that.
Hey, Dad, there's this bully at school
that's been picking on me.
What should I do?
So this guy's bigger and tougher than you are, right?
Right!
Oh, and you're going to give me that speech
about how all I have to do is stand up to him
and he'll respect me for it, right?
Are you crazy?
He'll beat the crap out of you.
Let me tell you a little story, son.
Hey, hey, hey, hey!
I don't need any stupid effects here.
This is a simple story.
All right, you don't have to bully us!
Hey, I got your bully right here, pal!
Anyway, there was this bully who was always picking on me at school.
Every day, my mom would pack a chocolate bar at my lunch
and every day, the bully would take it from me.
Well, one day, I took a whole pack of laxatives
and I wrapped it in a paper from the regular chocolate bar.
The bully took it as usual
and he was out of school for two weeks.
Boy, I bet he was mad when he got back.
Yeah, but it didn't matter.
He only weighed 11 pounds.
Well, thanks, Dad. That was truly an inspirational story.
Thanks, Dad. That was truly an inspirational story.
Thanks, Dad. That was truly inspirational.
Shut up!
Do you think Martians are green?
Do you think librarians wear glasses?
Do you think rodeo is for cowboys?
You're wrong. Those are stereotypes.
Nickelodeon's special edition
will show how some of your ideas can be dangerous.
Oh, and one more thing.
Did you know that you're weird?
Find out why that's good news.
This week on Nickelodeon's special edition,
we are the weird.
This Sunday at 8, 7 central, only on Nickelodeon.
Maybe next year.
On those occasions, when you need to make a big splash,
there's the Super Soaker 100.
It has a powerful air pressure system.
Oh, Buffy!
A range of up to 60 feet,
trenching spray.
The Super Soaker 100.
It's a water gun of a higher caliber.
Also the 50, or the ultimate, the 200.
From Hollywood Pictures, from the moment he saw her,
Luigi knew he'd go anywhere.
Luigi, no!
Do anything.
Luigi!
Fight anyone.
I don't think you want to do that.
To save the princess.
You got a problem with that?
Where the game ends.
I'm not riding with you anymore.
The adventure begins.
Are you all right?
Super Mario Brothers, rated PG,
starts Friday, May 28th at a theater near you.
We now return to Roundhouse & Snick.
Only on Knick.
Hard time.
Of course, Mom.
What do you think would change a story in the middle of the show?
Oh, oh.
Hanging!
Not so good.
Billy Rudnick's been bullying me around.
Have theosity, dude.
Why don't you hang with us?
There's strength in numbers, dude.
All right.
Speaking of the devilish, dude.
Here comes his bullying us now.
Who are they?
Those are his cheerleaders.
Sally Spinoly.
I have to say that I'm a model.
It's what I am.
It's just that it's so hard to say out loud,
I'm a model.
Well, there is some bad to you.
Am I bad?
Am I a bad model?
And I know like everybody is going to hate me for this,
but I'm like one of those people who can like
eat whatever they want and not get fat.
Do you like hate me now?
Am I like too totally hated for words?
Am I the model?
You, any kid, get over here.
Yeah, kid, get over here.
Dude, you don't have to do what he says.
What's he going to do?
Beat up all of us?
No.
Just a slew of dweeb on the end.
Ah, I'm Leon Antonio.
Every year, hundreds of kids are injured
and head on collisions with someone else's fist.
Say your prayers, you miserable little zit.
You're about to get popped.
Ben, it's Spicellar.
Say, are you being stopped from punching out a dweeb
by a bully side airbag?
Yeah.
Then get the new airbag inflation device.
Thanks.
Anything for a bargain?
Oh, look at that knockout punch again in slow motion.
Billy uses to knock John's aspiration out of him.
Finger.
Wait, I'm just getting to the good part.
Oh, Billy.
Oh, thanks.
Aren't you going to go with your friends?
They're not really my friends.
I don't think what Billy did was cool at all.
I think you were right to stand up to him.
Really?
Do you hear that music?
This must be the part where I meet a girl
who inspires me to learn to-
Time to inspire you right now.
I'm late for class.
Speaking of inspiration,
I bet if I turn on the TV right now,
I'll see something that will give me an idea.
Tonight on Schmoutime,
it's the story of a young boy
who meets an old Oriental man.
Fats you to him for his own good,
but slowly but surely
teaches him incredible martial arts skills
that will enable him to win the fight of a lifetime.
You have come to the right place, my son.
Help me, Mr. Umaki.
I want to learn how to fight, too.
You want to learn how to fight?
That's OK.
This is the part where I'm nasty to you
for your own good.
Oh.
First, you must learn the way of the ostrich.
Why the ostrich, old wise one?
Because just as the ostrich hide his head in sand,
you must learn to cover up
when bully be clapped out of you.
Like this.
Like this?
You're still being nasty to me for my own good.
No, sometimes Mr. Umaki
likes to hit help with dweeb, too.
Now, try it again.
Hey, kid, too.
Coming soon to a schoolyard near you.
And the Midnight Society is telling them,
watch Are You Afraid of the Dark?
Tonight at 9.30, 8.30,
Buggoozer lets you grow
squishy, squirmy bugs
They glow.
Squish spiders, too, and people shout
Ew, ghost me out.
Creepy crushers make bugs hairy.
Crawly is scary.
What do you do with bugs like that?
Splat.
Popping on a little bun.
We'll be back.
The Buggoozer will glow in the dark play-doh.
Creepy crushers in case of color sold separately.
The action shooting catch game with the power of stretch net
that sings a squish superman ball over 100 feet.
Another great squish product from Cap Toys.
Who else?
We now return to Roundhouse and Snick.
Only on Nick.
Age 55 to 80.
Do you have a pencil handy?
Do you have any pets or a mailbox?
Can you do this?
It's the capital of North Dakota.
Is it further to New York or by train?
Why do I ask so many questions?
Is it my job?
Does anybody care?
Is anybody watching?
Is this a real commercial?
Is this the address to write to?
Is there anything to write for?
Did I show you the address?
Should I show it to you again?
What's the difference between an orange?
Am I still on?
Is this mic still working?
Is the screen going black?
This is the stupidest commercial yet.
Are you going to change a check?
Your image later, Mr. Right.
Now you need to come down to breakfast.
Mom, what are you doing on TV?
Oh, I'm doing a commercial.
If you're anything like my family,
you're probably not a morning person.
In fact, in this house,
we're not even real people until around noon.
But all that's changed since I discovered
sugar-frosted, cocoa-honey-sweetened caramel fudgies,
the delicious new breakfast cereal from CNH Foods.
Past the milk, please.
Sugar-frosted, cocoa-honey-sweetened caramel fudgies
may not be nutritious,
but just a single serving
provides enough sugar
to get even the most slothful family going.
Great breakfast, mom.
They're delicious with milk
and even better with chocolate cereal.
I like mine with chocolate.
Past the rupiah.
Oh, I got tickets to name that song.
Watch the show.
Maybe I'll get to be a contestant.
Okay.
For our special head-banger edition
of Name That Song,
with special guest hosts,
and actual-
Ben, they're both other losers.
Out of the-
I can name that song in 17 notes.
I can name that song in 13 notes.
Name that song.
Our love is like a gentle stream.
That is correct.
Would you like to touch me?
Of course you would.
My friend, into the goal.
Ooh, I can name that song in 19 notes.
Name that song.
Correcting ball.
That is correct.
Of course you would.
You've just 1,000 distance selected
from our studio audiences.
John Billy Rudnick.
You're going down, butthead.
Check it out, dudettes.
No, if I win, Billy will kill me.
Okay, tell us about yourself.
I'm a giving kind of guy.
For example, if I should win any prizes on today's show,
I'd gladly give them to the other player.
Wow, you must be a really good sport
or you're not very bright.
Yeah, I like to make fun of people
and push around guys who are smaller than me.
I'd like to speak for a moment on a more serious note.
Not that serious.
Music.
See, I'd like to point out the deeper psychological motives
behind my being a bully.
Is it that I never consider myself as good as the other kids
and I can't cope with that?
Or maybe, maybe by dominating other people
with my sheer physical bulk,
I think that will distract them
from my lack of social skills.
Nah, I'm just rude and ignorant.
And besides, I really like to get bones crushed
and taking stuff that doesn't belong to me.
That Billy is a bully
and I'm going to go down there and give him a talking tube.
Mominator my bully butt.
I'm bigger and stronger than you.
Shut up.
Yee.
Yes, but I have something you will never have.
What?
P.M.S.
Now you listen here, young man.
You have been rude and nothing but trouble
to this entire show
and I am not going to stand for it anymore.
Do you hear me?
I'm sorry, it's like all my ear.
I'm sorry, just let go of my ear.
What?
Let go of my ear, please.
Miss Mominator ma'am.
Ah, that's better.
Now I got home and take out the garbage.
Yes, ma'am.
Ah, your mom sure showed that guy.
Yeah.
If he were to beat you up,
I would have taken care of you.
Really?
Yeah, I would have tended to your wounds
and kissed your bruises
and massaged your poor, achy body.
Hey Billy, Billy, stop me just once.
Billy, come on.
What do you say?
One black eye.
Billy, hey.
And so, there it is.
As you just saw,
conflict does not have to lead to violence.
If we'd all take a moment to take care of one another.
Hey, I'm going to say what I think you're going to say, are you?
Well, what did you think I was going to say?
The last line of the show.
Yeah, as a matter of fact, I am.
Oh, I never get to say that line.
You know what about me?
I'm arrogant to say it.
Yeah, you know what you're going to say.
That's true.
Oh, that's true.
You do too.
All right, at the end of the conflict, she'll come on.
All right.
We think we're on.
I know I can go down.
Down, down, down with the fun.
And you know what?
The snicker now is Ren becomes a father.
Oh, no.
Forget that stuff.
But who's his son?
Yeah.
Hold on for the Ren and Stiffy show.
Next on Snick.
Before I lie to you,
Nickelodeon Studios at Universal Studios
Land of Florida.
Shut up.
Need to tell you, life's tough.
I'm just trying to survive till junior high.
That's why Nickelodeon presents D-O-U-G Doug.
Well, what should I do?
Doug, he's two eyes, four limbs,
and 84 pounds of wishful thinking,
plagued by grown-ups, hounded by homework,
a little nervous about girls.
He's just a kid trying to make the grave.
Seventh grade.
What are you waiting for, funny?
Hop too.
Chop, chop.
Can Doug pull through?
I never get any of this mess.
Find out on Doug,
one of the Nicktoons every Sunday morning
at 10, 9 central on Nick.
Hey, kids, the fun never stops
when you play with beta blocks.
Why?
Because they move.
Watch how they bend, shape,
and curve to create hours of fun for everyone.
And that's not all.
These regular style blocks build square shapes
that don't bend or move.
But just snap on beta block connectors like this
and create movable, bendable fun.
Make a common castle, a beta castle,
a plain old plain, a beta plain,
a bulldozer that works,
and a monster that lurks.
A princess' crown, a necklace,
a ring, just about anything.
When my kids got their beta blocks,
they pulled their old blocks out of the closet
and started playing with them all over again.
Let your children's imagination take flight.
Parents order the complete
170-piece beta block set for your child today
for $19.95.
Parents call 1-800-645-1100
or send checker money order for $19.95
plus 495 shipping to the address shown.
Call 1-800-645-1100 now.
Mr. Radifont?
Did you see that?
Humans come and feed these creatures by hand.
I tell you, we could live like kings here.
Come, Stimson.
Let us go and seek the proprietor of this establishment.
Hold it.
I know what you're gonna say.
You're gonna say how weird
the two finest examples
of monkey flesh that you have ever seen.
Yeah, especially because I'm a cat.
So, what do you say?
Hmm...
Doki-doki, you boys get their job.
Whoa!
This, Stimpy, you've got to know how to talk to this...
Look at us, Stimpy.
No longer are we lonely house pets.
We've climbed the evolutionary ladder.
We've been accepted into the world of higher mammals.
We've evolved.
Aren't you ashamed?
What if another monkey saw that?
That blasted stick out of your nose!
Okay.
Shame, shame, Stimpy.
You have to pardon my friend here.
He's not as yet accustomed
to your sophisticated city monkey ways.
Okay, Stimpy.
It's time for your evolving lessons.
Oh, rapture!
I'm gonna be a monkey!
Monkey, monkey, monkey!
Okay, if you want to be a monkey,
you've got to learn to act like a monkey.
And I've got to know how,
because I've seen every Tarzan movie ever made.
So watch and learn.
All right, Stimpy, listen up.
Now, note the ease with which I swing so nimbly.
Hither and yon.
Witness as I perform an amazing double somersault
and catch myself with my pre-ancel tail.
I get the idea.
Pre-head-style doze.
Boy, I tell ya,
being a monkey is harder than I thought.
Yeah, my monkey suit is all itchy with vermin in life.
Please.
What's a monkey gotta do to get some grooming around here?
Say, Cheetah, be a pal and have at these lights, will ya?
Go ahead, Ren.
Eat the nice vermin.
I do, I do.
Show me what you got.
My favorite.
Hold nutshells and preach you gum.
Oh, me.
Doggy boys, use your monkey, y'all.
It's every monkey's favorite.
Raised fish heads and rotten fruit.
That's it.
I've had enough.
Bonnetransfer.
Next time I raise pigs by Yolly.
Snurk will be back after this.
You idiot.
Nickelodeon wants you to know
that not all the scenes in Are You Afraid of the Dark are scary.
For example, in this scene,
just a boy listening to the radio.
Okay, skip that.
Well, right here, just a girl with a flash light.
Wow!
Next, okay.
Not a bit scary here with the glasses.
Wow!
All right, it's a little scary,
but if it wasn't you'd have no excuse
to hide under the furniture.
Watch Are You Afraid of the Dark tonight
at 9.38.30 Central only on SNCC.
Across the universe, people are asking
what being would steal Air Jordan?
Oh, goody.
More Air Jordans for me.
Campbell Beach.
This is no way for a Pampa Superstar to travel?
What the fuck?
And they're all mine.
Gimme a day, Jordans.
Now, yes, now, yes, now, yes, now.
No, yes, no, yes, no.
Take these or else.
Saved by a clever edit.
Pacing bleak for a hero.
Wait, a giant pencil with an equally giley eraser.
I smell trouble.
I smell popcorn.
You didn't want to talk.
You played the world safe but true.
Justice.
And Mike's royalty tips from Nike.
That's all folks.
That's my client's life.
It says so in my deal.
Nice person.
He's a little weird.
I want to be seen as a good talk teller.
I want people to see me as someone they could bring their problems to.
Not just as a color, but as a kid.
I want to be seen as a good singer.
As a really good math student.
As a good friend.
Prejudice is when you judge someone before you know them.
Try to see people for who they are.
They're awkward.
They're unpredictable.
They don't look anything like your friend said they would.
They're Nick at Night's Dates From Heck.
Six of TV Land's classic bad dates for Valentine's Day.
Witness the come on.
Hello baby.
The pick up.
Hi.
The chase.
And the score.
I do.
They're Dates From Heck.
Tonight at 10, 9 central right after snack on Nick at Night.
Dates From Heck is brought to you by Aired Extra Dry.
And now back to snack.
Nick, Nick.
How many times do I have to tell you?
From another land.
Why does he walk among mortal men?
What is his mission?
Where can we get a pair of undershorts like his?
Man of toast.
And what does he want from us?
What is his dark secret?
Shut up.
If you ask me one more stupid question, I'll tear your skin off.
Disguised as Pastor Toastman, the cool youth deacon,
powdered toast man works his day job as a government clerk.
Only powdered toast man's faithful assistant knows his dark secret.
It was me, Father.
But there's a distress call on your tostomatron communicator.
Thank you, my lovely assistant.
Will evil never rest?
I hope not.
Calling powdered toast man.
Come in, powdered toast man.
Powdered toast man here?
Mm-hmm.
Cripes!
I'll get right on it.
Leave everything to me.
So, powdered toast man is off on another day of heroic adventure.
Germany.
Totally.
Powdered toast man assesses the situation.
Leave everything to me.
Calls for my projectile raisin breath.
Another distress call.
No time to lose.
Danger.
Don't make me come in there.
Hey, I'm saved.
Leave everything to me.
Have a taste of my hyper corrosive croutons, Archvillain.
Hold on, buddy.
You'll be free in a jiffy.
But powdered toast man, what about muddy mudskipper?
My gosh, you're right.
How thoughtless of me.
End intensity.
Too strong.
Quick man, cling tenaciously to my buttocks.
Both of them?
Another distress call.
Yes?
Leave everything to me.
Listen, something's come up.
Sorry, Mac, but I've got to attend to something really important.
Hello, fellas.
What seems to be the trouble?
We are loudly powdered toast.
Leave everything to me.
I'm sorry, fellas. I almost forgot.
My toast particles are dissipating.
That can only mean one thing.
A call from Washington.
Mr. President.
What seems to be the trouble?
I've got in my own zipper.
Leave everything to me.
Anytime you're ready, Mr. President.
Okay, full.
Oh, thank you, powdered toast man.
And thus, the president goes into recovery.
But what shall happen to America?
Who will run the country?
Leave everything to me.
And powdered toast man is sworn into office.
I, powdered toast man, do solemnly swear
to relieve the American citizens
of their basic human rights.
Lovely assistance, take a letter.
The letter M.
Furthermore, let's hold off the talks with the Kremlin
until we settle the new three Stooges stamp controversy.
Personally, my vote goes with Shemp.
Although Curly is certainly nothing to take lightly.
That'll be all faithful one.
Well, I guess that takes care of the day's business.
Man, this job is too cushy for me.
It's chilly in here.
Here's the problem.
The fires died down.
Let's see.
We need something dry here.
Here's some dusty old papers.
That's much better.
Join Pete and Pete, Kermit the Frog,
Clarissa, Donkey Lips, Doug,
and more all day tomorrow.
They'll be here looking for love.
We're trying to avoid it on Nickelodeon's Valentine's Day
Mushfest beginning at two one central
on Valentine's Day tomorrow right here.
Right now, it's Halloween.
Are you afraid of the dark?
Where a twisted claw is looking for a handout.
Next on SNCC.
I'm obsessed with watching SNCC.
There is my office.
And that is SNCC.
We're here at Nickelodeon's studio.
Where kids are looking for Valentine's Day.
So listen up, it could be you.
Hi, I'm Wilson.
I want Ryan to be my Valentine's.
I want Claire, some Victor Mingidon
to be my Valentine's.
Hi, I'm Zendian.
I want my Spanish folks to be Tanya.
Hi, I'm Connie.
And I want Maya to be my Valentine's.
Hi, I'm Tanya.
I want my Beth and Roy to be my Valentine's.
Happy Valentine's Day from Nickelodeon Studio.
You are now entering Crystal Princess World.
Oh, Princess Crystal.
Crystal Palace.
You are so beautiful.
I love you.
People who are different don't get along.
It's that they don't know how to start.
If each person learned how to sing alone
in a different language.
It would be a great start.
It's the best way to start a conversation.
It's this love.
Konnichiwa.
Merhaba.
As-salamu alaikum.
Ciao.
Shalom.
Prejudice is when you don't talk to someone.
Just because you're different.
Sarah's hello.
Big Cam.
What do you mean you don't know?
I mean I don't know.
I'll figure something out for next time.
Ooh, a cliffhanger.
I love it.
Yeah, but I mean, what about tonight?
It's almost lights out and we haven't had a full story yet.
I shouldn't call a meeting without a full story, Eric.
Well, it's better than no story at all.
Hey, I don't see anyone else jumping in.
I've got one.
Whoa, he speaks.
Who woke you up?
Leave him alone, Frank.
You haven't told one in a long time, David.
Yeah.
I've been working on this one.
It's ready.
Excellent.
Go for it, Dave.
Submitted for the approval of the Midnight Society.
I call this story The Tale.
It was the night before Halloween.
The night of tricks.
The night they call Mischief Night.
The worst.
It's Mischief Night.
Yeah, but let's go someplace else.
What's the matter?
Afraid the witch is going to get you?
No such thing.
Then let's do it.
Kevin and Dougie were best friends,
but Kevin was way more daring.
He was always looking for adventure,
and on that Mischief Night, he found it.
Well, then she might hear us.
Sorry.
You finished your dinner?
You can at least pretend.
Gramps used to pretend to be scared.
Dougie, Kevin's here.
Check out this costume.
Cool mask.
You're a bomb.
You're a bomb every year.
So you get the same candy.
Come on with the book.
Be careful, and don't go too far.
I hear some of the candy's poison this year.
God damn.
This is getting old.
Let's go home.
Oh, come on.
We just started.
Hey.
Let's go to Miss Kloves house.
Are you bent after last night?
She didn't know it was us, and we have costumes on.
Nobody goes to Miss Kloves house.
Yeah.
We can tell everybody that we were the only ones
brave enough to go to the witches house on Halloween.
Forget it.
I'm out of here.
Or I can say that you were too scared,
and I had to run home to Mommy.
Chill.
Yes.
Trick or treat.
I didn't think anyone was coming.
Come in.
I am so glad someone finally came.
I just love Halloween, but no children ever stop by.
Maybe they think the place is haunted.
Let me see your costumes.
Oh, nice.
Very nice.
We got a lot more house to go, ma'am.
And tell you what?
Because you boys were the only children nice enough to come
and see me on Halloween, I'm going to give you a special treat.
Wait right here.
See?
There's nothing to be scared of.
The vase.
She didn't even clean it up.
I've got something special for two very special boys.
What is it?
It's the claw of a voucher.
Ew.
Oh, it isn't real.
It's made of wood.
They say it's charmed and whoever has it will get three wishes.
Yeah?
Three wishes a piece or three for both of them?
Kevin.
Oh, I'm sure it means three wishes a piece.
Thanks, lady, but I think we'll just take some candy
and call it a night.
A nonsense.
You must take it.
I won't take no for an answer.
There you go.
Just one thing.
Be careful what you wish for.
You might just get it.
You just might get it.
Give me a break.
That was really strange.
Ah, she's just a crazy old lady.
Three wishes, right.
Yeah?
Well, I wish we can go home
and lose this stupid trick or treat.
Whoa!
What's the matter?
It moved.
Dougie, it's a piece of old, junky wood.
Like your head.
Can we try and get some more candy?
Did you see the way she was looking at us?
Yeah.
Maybe she was sizing up our brains
with her magic suits.
Yeah, right.
Uh-oh.
Yeah, uh-oh.
Lucky here.
Some trick or treaters.
You get some candy, boys.
Candy's bad for you.
You get some cavities.
Maybe you should give it to us.
Forget it.
Did I say you could talk snot bar?
So what you got?
Forget it. I worked all night for that.
Give it up, old candy.
You ain't gonna live long enough
to eat your stupid candy.
This has been a really bad outing.
What are you complaining for?
You got your wish.
No more trick or treating.
I'm out of here.
The punks gave Dungy his wish.
No more trick or treats.
Coincidence?
Or was it the twisted claw?
You afraid of the dark will rise
to sneak again after this.
Nickelodeon presents another tip from Dennis.
How to be a good cowboy.
This and girls is about the worst thing a cowboy can do.
Dennis the Menace on Nickelodeon.
Wow.
Hey kids, the fun never stops
when you play with better blocks.
Why? Because they move.
Watch how they bend shape and curve
to create hours of fun for everyone.
And that's not all.
These regular style blocks build square shapes
that don't bend or move.
But just snap on better block connectors like this
and create movable bendable fun.
Make a common castle, a better castle,
a plain old plain, a better plain,
a bulldozer that works
and a monster that lurks.
A princess is crowned, a netless of ring,
just about anything.
When my kids got their better blocks,
they pulled their old blocks out of the closet
and started playing with them all over again.
Let your children's imagination take flight.
Parents order the complete 170 piece
better block set for your child today
for $19.95.
Parents call 1-800-645-1100
or send checker money order for $19.95
plus 495 shipping to the address shown.
Call 1-800-645-1100 now.
Watch me feed my baby Argonne.
My baby Argonne.
You make it all good.
Here's your breakfast.
I said it couldn't be done.
Only for the Super Nintendo Entertainment System.
Now you're putting the power of super power.
Entering Crystal Princess World.
Not worse than the end of the world.
One carriage coming in March.
Why are you so nervous?
Sorry, it gives me the creeps.
Yeah?
Well, it's going to give me something I've wanted since I was a kid.
Bostic?
Field days this afternoon.
And I want to be Bostic in the 600.
Forget it. Nobody beats Bostic.
Until now.
Someone's got to shut him down.
Oh man, don't do it.
I wish.
I wish it could beat Bostic in the 600.
Whoa!
I told you, that thing's alive.
Yeah?
Well, if it helps it beat Bostic this afternoon.
I don't care if it jumps up and picks my nose.
600 finals.
Come on you guys, let's go, let's go.
This is so good.
He is.
Yeah, we'll see.
Come on, Kevin!
Runners, take your positions, please.
Go you guys, come on.
Move in, move in, move in.
On the line, please, let's go.
Look, Jeff.
Well, let's do it, yeah.
You.
Are you guys ready?
Runners, take your marks.
Get set.
Are you okay, son?
My leg hurts, my leg hurts.
Tell Mr. White to get an ambulance.
If you relax, son, it's going to be all right.
Help's coming.
Is he okay?
Well, having a broken leg will pay.
It hurts, oh my.
He tripped, right?
It was an accident.
These things happened, right?
She didn't just trip.
It was a dog.
Where's the dog?
Each used up one wish.
And something evil happened each time,
to make the wishes come true.
Cool.
Hey, I'd wish for a million bucks and take my chances.
So?
What happened?
That night, Dougie's parents went out for dinner.
So, Kevin came over.
And he brought something with him.
The gold medley one in the 600.
Mustache broke his leg.
You wished it to happen and I did.
It was an accident.
Miss Chloe said to be careful what we wish for
because we might get it.
Dougie, get a grip.
There's nothing magic going on here.
Yeah?
What about those guys that tried to beat us up?
Where'd they come from?
Oh, jeez.
Grants were here.
He'd know what to do.
Dougie, enough!
What if my parents find out what happened to Miss Chloe's?
I'll be grounded for life.
They're not gonna find out it's over.
I say we take this back to Miss Chloe's and apologize.
Then I could tell my folks we did the right thing.
And forget it!
No one is telling nobody nothing!
But my folks!
I wish you'd just lose your folks.
Ah!
It moved, didn't it?
No.
No, it just...
You made a wish!
No, I didn't.
You wish I'd lose my folks!
Yeah, but...
Don't answer me.
Douglas Freeman.
Yes?
This is Lieutenant Crothers from the Cooper City Police.
I have some bad news for you, son.
Your parents have been in a car accident.
They've been taken to the hospital and I'm afraid...
No!
Had an accident.
They're in the hospital.
It was the wish!
No way!
It was!
You wished it!
Yeah!
No!
Every time we make a wish, something bad happens.
Then do something!
I wish Grant's here.
He don't want to do this.
Ah!
Dougie, your grandfather's dead.
You don't think.
That's Grant's car.
It's him.
No!
I don't want to be no ghost.
Where is it?
I wish he's...
No, I'm gonna make the wish we should have made from the start.
We're sorry we broke this closed vase
and we wish it never ever happened.
Don't answer it.
I got her.
We forgot our keys.
Again.
If I didn't take them, they wouldn't get taken.
Hi, kid.
So, you guys are okay?
Nothing happened?
You only went over to the moriscence.
No, apart from that maniac truck driver that almost side-swiped us.
Oh, it wasn't that dramatic.
Whoa!
What's this for?
I'm just glad to see you.
We're glad to see you, too.
Hang out, guys.
I say we raid the fridge for some ice cream.
The car.
Wait.
How'd that happen?
Check your pockets.
My metal's gone. Where'd it go?
Boston's got it.
See, what?
He's got it.
He won the race just like he was supposed to
and there never was a ghost car
and those tough guys never chased it.
What do you mean?
I mean, I finally made the right wish.
None of it ever happened.
Are you sure the car was gone?
What does it say?
It says trick or treat.
All they could hear
was the sound of the wind blowing through the trees
or was it the cackle of a sly glitch?
The end.
I declare this meeting of the Midnight Society closed.
Until next time, pleasant dreams, everyone.